# Lets change the world fellow programmers!

We need open source contributors!  We have a chance to make an open source version of what is only available from large conglomerates today.  We can and will compete with Zoho, Google Docs, Microsoft and others, and bring small businesses a way to collaborate and manage their businesses better than they ever have.  

We have made great progress, but its time to build our community in order to really compete.  We have ecommerce, crm, project management, multi-sites, multi-user blogs, workflows, auto-notifications, cms, and much more.  Come in now, and help us put the polish on it so that we can bring this great tool to market. 



# August 2011 Accomplishments

Lots of ecommerce and project management updates.  We now have multiple sites using ecommerce on our system and that has enabled us to build out a more robust guest cart, and checkout system.  Project management was also took a big improvement and now is a few updates away from competing with the likes of basecamp and others.   

Due to these updates we've graduated to Alpha-Phase


## Installation Tips
* Php 5.3 or higher is required.  (Seriously, anything lower will not work.)

* Upload the files to the root directory (Your server is required to have .htaccess and mod_rewrite turned on)
 
* Ceate a database.php file in ROOT/app/config/ using ROOT/app/config/database.default.php as a template, fixing the variables with correct values. 
 
* ZuHa works best when installed at a root domain or subdomain of a site.  (ex. myDomain.com OR subDomain.myDomain.com OR subDomain.localhost).
 
* It is possible to get it to get a Hello World setup inside a sub directory, but you must rename or delete the ROOT/.htaccess file.  However, please note : webroot files (css / js / etc) will not work without further customization.  So its virtually worthless to use it in sub directories.
 
* Once you have a working view of the site you can login with the user "admin" and the password "test" in order to gain access to every available page. 


## Reporting issues

[Submit Issues on Github.com](https://github.com/zuha/zuha/issues) 

## Versions

Alpha

## License

GPL Version 3 (and future versions)